terraform/language: Mention provider-defined functions (#546)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.10.x/docs/language/functions/index.mdx

[_Function Calls_](/terraform/language/expressions/function-calls)
in the Expressions section.

# Provider-defined Functions

> The Terraform language does not support _user_-defined functions.
> However [providers can implement functions](/terraform/plugin/framework/functions)
> which users can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot define your own functions in the Terraform configuration language, but you can develop your own providers that expose functions. Refer to [Provider-defined functions](/terraform/plugin/framework/functions) for information about defining functions in custom providers.
```
Switch to active voice. Is "exposing functions" the right way to characterize the action?

> The language requires such functions to use a prefix `provider::<local-name>::`
> where `<local-name>` corresponds with an entry in `required_providers` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a provider-specific function, add the `provider::<local-name>::` where `<local-name>` corresponds with an entry in the `required_providers` block. The following example calls the `encoode_tvfars` function in the `terraform` provider:
```
